# Journal Entry

## Table of Contents

    - Introduction
    - Flashcard Creation



## Introduction

    - It has been a long week since the last time I was able to update this repository 'Learning As A Language'. During which, I have been focused on a problem; what would be the most efficient way to move this disparate amount of information from the abyss and into my Brain. Well the answer I came up with was to simply just replicate my Language Learning Journey. Some may ask but why, what does learning languages have anything to do with learning information or skills. My answer to this question is, everything. You see, while going through this crucible of learning Mandarin and Korean, I would often succumb to extemporaneous moments of reflection. Asking my self the same why questions, trying to figure out what my Brain was trying to tell me. Then one day I had an epiphany, words produce thoughts, therefore if one wants to describe the world around them they would first need the words in order to understand. 

    Through this epiphany, is where the concept of 'Learning As A Language' began. In order to clearly understand the universe around us, we must first learn the things that we do not know. Ignorance shrouds us in our own illusions, preventing us from enjoying the beauty that surrounds us at every moment. 

    So, to truly understand this concept one needs to first understand how the Brain functions. After understanding this key concept, reality will become clearer; which are words begat thought, thought begat action, action begat creation. Everyone was given this god given gift which we call, a Brain, it was given a blueprint but no tools. What are the tools? The answer to that question is knowledge. Knowledge which is not hidden behind a veil, which is impossible in it self, because we live within it. Through the acquirement of knowledge the blueprint becomes activated, and the creation is; therefore, left to the IMAGINATION. 
    
## Flashcard Generation

    - At this time I have over 23,000+ flashcards, packaged and uploaded to my ANKI profile. The plan is to start with a 100 new reviews daily which should get me to completion within 200+ days. I am looking forward to the day of completion at which I can look back and see how far I have came, and realize how much further I can go with this acquirement of known knowledge that I have obtained. Potential is only contained by the limits of the imagination. 
